rgw/sfs: Detect metadata compatibility issues. (#59)
aquarist-labs/ceph: src/rgw/store/sfs/CHANGELOG.md

- In order to make stat_bucket call available, SFSBucket::update_container_stat now returns 0.

### Added

> - Added mechanism to check for incompatibility isues without changing the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added a mechanism to check for incompatibility issues without changing the
```

>   original metadata database. Also to warn the user logging a message.

Reviewer: I suggest to rephrase `Also to warn the user logging a message.`

Author: done
